This editor allows you to type and assemble code for 
the MARIE machine simulator system.  Each line of 
your program must end with a carriage-return linefeed 
sequence.  (That is, you must press the [Enter] key 
after you have completed each of your assembly code 
statements.)  

Tabs are set to 8 characters, and may be used to 
delimit statement labels from mnemonics and operands.  
You may use spaces instead if you wish.

The format of a MARIE assembly language source 
statement is:

  [&lt;label&gt;,] operator [operand] [&lt;comment&gt;]

where the statement label <label> is comma-delimited 
and optional, and comments <comment> are delimited by 
a slash.

The assembler will take statement labels (and operand 
symbolic names) of virtually any length (up to the 
limits of Java's String class).

Blank lines are permitted, as are lines containing 
only comments.Labeled statements must contain an 
operator (assembly code mnemonic), and an operand if 
one is required.

A "cheat sheet" with MARIE mnemonics can be displayed 
through the other "help" menu button.

When you have completed your work, you will need to 
save and assemble your file before it can be run in 
the simulator.  If your code contains errors, the 
error listing will be displayed in a separate window 
so you can correct your code in the editor and 
reassemble it.
